EN_UA_029155.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian government and officials and policies	Several paragraphs report that behind the sabotage of the Nord Stream 2 there are the Ukrainian military and officials. The attempt to discredit Ukraine relies on declarations made by alleged officials of Western countries.
EN_UA_021270.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Situation in Ukraine is hopeless	Article quoting Ukrainian officials, and indirectly arguing that situation in Ukraine is hopeless with the West having doubts in Ukraine's success. Ukrainian contradictions are highlighted in order to frame Ukraine as having no real options.
EN_UA_001032.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: Diplomacy does/will not work	The article reports a series of military events regarding the invasion of Russia. Towards the end, the failure of the Minsk agreement is attributed as the principal failure for the decision of Russia to invade.
EN_UA_027676.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The text has several paragraphs underlining the potential use of nuclear weapons by Russia both in the context of Ukraine war as well as in a global scenario.
EN_UA_017310.txt	URW: Overpraising the West	URW: Overpraising the West: The West belongs in the right side of history	The text presents several paragraphs underlining that Wester countries helping Ukraine and NATO have the moral authority to help Ukraine to fight Russia.
EN_UA_017831.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West does not care about Ukraine, only about its interests	Throughout several paragraphs, the text conveys a narrative depicting the US public opinion as divided when it comes to discuss military help to Ukraine. In doing so, Mike Pence is criticised for caring more about Ukraine rather than showing concern for the socio-economical problems affecting the US
EN_UA_014637.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Russian army is collapsing	The text conveys a narrative depicting negatively the Russian military. Indeed, several paragraphs mention the fact that HIV positive prisoners are recruited to fight in Ukraine. This allows speculations about the bad state of the army which would be forced to adopt people not fit for the war.
EN_UA_019640.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	URW: Praise of Russia: Russia has international support from a number of countries and people	Multiple paragraphs within the text present alleged evidence that Russia has the support of other countries such China which both want to expand economic collaborations as well as consider the West as the geopolitcal adversary
EN_UA_022051.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Within the text, several paragraphs accuse the West allies of Ukraine of provoking Russia, both providing weapons to Ukrainian army as well as allegedly already having troops on Ukrainian soil. Moreover, fears of an expansion of the conflict are mentioned multiple times.
EN_UA_014829.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	The text criticise Western media for not investigating the explosion of Nord Stream and silencing the alleged evidence of the direct US involvement in the sabotage.
EN_UA_000923.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	none	The text has multiple paragraphs stressing the danger of a potential excalation of the situation in Ukraine on a global scale
EN_UA_026697.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	The text conveys a sense of distrust of Western media since they try to juxtapose the assassination attempt against Fico and russian interference in Slovakian elections.
EN_UA_002668.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Russian army is collapsing	Multiple passages present a situation in which the Russian military is described as struggling or even failing to reach its goals, fostering the idea that the occupied territories can be even lost soon
EN_UA_025652.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	The text conveys a narrative in wich the US and Western countries are posing a threat to Russia. According to this narrative, diplomatic resolutions are therefore undermined
EN_UA_028520.txt	URW: Overpraising the West	URW: Overpraising the West: The West belongs in the right side of history	The text presents a paragraph in which the EU and the West are described as doing the right thing in supporting Ukraine
EN_UA_021872.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Several paragraphs depict Western countries as posing a threat to Russia. This aspect is underlined by the declarations of Russian officials in relation to the intensification of Finnish border security.
EN_UA_013710.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	none	Article aims at discrediting ICC, and claiming it is infuenced by US pressure by highlighting alledgedf past cases of fake 'orphan' rescue operation. It aims to use a historical example to disredit ICC and the West/US in light of ICC arrest warant for Vladimir Putin.
EN_UA_024847.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	The text suggests that the sabotage of the nord stream pipeline was conceived and operated by Western countries and Ukraine, providing alleged evidence such as the declaration of informed individuals and journalists.
EN_UA_015443.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The text presents several paragraphs in which Ukraine's allies are depicted as weak or reluctant to provide further military help. These claims are justified by the upcoming US elections as well as the fact there are no enough funds.
EN_UA_023008.txt	URW: Distrust towards Media	URW: Distrust towards Media: Western media is an instrument of propaganda	Several, attacks and alleged misrepresentations of Tucker Carson's interview of Vladimir Putin are used to discredit the Western media and expose their bias anti-Russia.
EN_UA_021123.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: West is tired of Ukraine	The text presents a narrative depicting the Ukraine's Western allies as withdrawing their support, suggesting that they prioritize their interests according the evolving geopolitical scenario
EN_UA_012234.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: Russia will also attack other countries	Several quotes from Russian TV presenters are quoted calling for nuclear attack on London, provoking fear of escalation. Russian position is subsequently framed as weak and isolated.
EN_UA_012611.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Article presenting quotes Russian official responses to the Nordstream pipeline explosions, framing the US as perpetrators of the attack and ultimately responsible for infringing on the security of the whole Eurasia.
EN_UA_013617.txt	URW: Praise of Russia	URW: Praise of Russia: Russia has international support from a number of countries and people	The text has several paragraphs criticising international institutions considered part of the Western world as hypocritical. and adopting double standards. Also, the US and the West are described as Russophobic as well as attempting to damage Russia and other countries such as China, Saudi Arabia.
EN_UA_024050.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West is weak	The article is about how Germany tries to instigate war with Russia despite publicly admitted that its military force is in horrible condition. The article emphasies how ironic it is that while having such incompetent military, Germany
EN_UA_016466.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	none	Several paragraphs suggest that if NATO continues to be a threat to Russia, the consequences will be the expansion of the War in Ukraine to other states, the potential use of atomic weapons. Western countries are depicted as the aggressors as well as morally decadent.
EN_UA_023816.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Ukraine is a puppet of the West	By quoting several Russian officials, the text adopts a Russian view of Ukraine's battlefield situation, claiming that it is Western personel and equipment that fight in Ukraine. The text adopts an overall view that the West has used Ukraine to inflict damage on Russia.
EN_UA_012803.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	none	Several paragraphs indicate an imminent collapse of Russian government with coup in the Kremlin to remove Putin from the leadership of the country
EN_UA_026142.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	The text conveys a sense of fear that nuclear war is imminent since Western countries are irresponsibly escalating conflicts to a nuclear confrontation with Russia and China.
EN_UA_022339.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Ukrainian army is collapsing	Article claiming through Putins statements that Ukrainian military has failed and is in a state of collapse, highlighting several examples of Ukraine's incompetence and submission to West's interests.
EN_UA_029053.txt	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy	URW: Discrediting the West, Diplomacy: The West is weak	The text criticise Western countries supporting Ukraine in multiple passages. The main argument is that Ukraine suffered the consequences of the limitations imposed by Western countries in using weapons on Russian soil.
EN_UA_015962.txt	URW: Speculating war outcomes	URW: Speculating war outcomes: Russian army is collapsing	The text presents a difficult situation for Russian troops that have to face a military incursion in Russian territories. Several paragraphs depict the situation as uncertain and confused, indicating that Russian military is struggling to control the situation.
EN_UA_013344.txt	URW: Hidden plots by secret schemes of powerful groups	none	The whole text fosters the narrative of Putin using doubles, speculating on the reasons. Paragraphs address the health of Vladimir Putin as well as the stability of the Russian government mentioning conspiracy theories.
EN_UA_004209.txt	URW: Amplifying war-related fears	URW: Amplifying war-related fears: There is a real possibility that nuclear weapons will be employed	Article quoting Putin and Russian officials, claiming that they have the power to produce nuclear strikes in Western territory. The article aims to fearmonger by using detailed descriptions of Russian nuclear capabilities while keeping a writing style akin to reporting.
EN_UA_003579.txt	URW: Negative Consequences for the West	URW: Negative Consequences for the West: Sanctions imposed by Western countries will backfire	Article presenting various sources and arguments over the negative effects of Western sanctions to the food supply chain claiming it will produce poverty to the West but also to poor and middle countries as well.
EN_UA_027879.txt	URW: Discrediting Ukraine	URW: Discrediting Ukraine: Discrediting Ukrainian government and officials and policies	Multiple passages depict Zelensky as an illegitimate leader which is taking unpopular decisions. His consent is described as decreasing in relation to the negative situation of the Ukrainian military as well as the withdrawal of Western allies' support.
EN_UA_013257.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	The text presents several passages that together convey a narrative in which Russia's decision to invade Ukraine is justified by the the fact that the West attempted to undermine security of Russia, fostering terrorism, economic instability, nazism, and organizing a coup in Ukraine in 2014.
EN_UA_027787.txt	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader	URW: Blaming the war on others rather than the invader: The West are the aggressors	Throughout several paragraphs, the text suggests that the US is responsible for military attacks on Russian territories, arguing that the US are directly involved in the conflict.
